(USAGI) My dearest Mamo... I
know this might sound really
random...
but have you ever
been to a candy land?
What's that? A place like that
doesn't exist? Wrong! It totally
does!
Anyway, things are getting a
little crazy over here... Help
me, Mamo!
[gasp]
What?!
[sniffing]
[embarrassed squeal]
I... I'm so hungry!
Mom! Where are you?! I need
snacks now!
Chibi...
Huh?
Your mom went out to get some
groceries.
For real? Aw... but I'm totally
starving...
Hey, where'd you get that dolly
from?
Dollie!
I guess it's her new favorite.
She's been carrying it
everywhere.
Do you know if mom left any
snacks for me?
I don't think she did.
[chewing]
huh? No fair!
But I want to eat some too...
[chewing]
[weepy groans]
Ahhh...
Oh? Heh?
[gasp]
Thanks so much! You're such a
good girl!
Good girl.
(USAGI) Chibi-Chibi's Mystery:
The Big Noisy Chase!
(IKUKO) I'm home!
Welcome back. I have been
awaiting your return!
Why... are you talking like
that?
[chuckle] I'll stop if you gimme
a snack!
Oh! Oops! I forgot.
Hm?! [whimpering]
Mom! That's not fair!
How could you give so many
snacks to Chibi-Chibi and leave
none for me?!
Huh? What are you saying? I
definitely didn't give her any
kind of snack today.
I can't let her get a mouth full
of cavities like her big sister,
after all!
[chuckling] Aha!
But mom! She had a bunch!
Huh? She was just here... Where
did she go?
Hm?
I feel like Chibi-Chibi runs off
and has her own little
adventures sometimes.
Luna, your thoughts?
You may be right. She does
disappear randomly...
Now that I think about it...
I haven't actually learned
anything about Chibi-Chibi since
she's been here.
Well, the biggest question I
have is: Is she your child or
Chibi-Usa's?
Hmmm...
Can you really not tell if she's
your own daughter or not?
Ehhh...
Excuse me, but remember when you
couldn't tell Diana was your
daughter?!
Eh! You win this round.
Ugh, just forget it. I want
food.
[groaning] I'm so hungry!
[groaning] Feed me...
[gasp]
You're back!
Chibi-Chibi.
Where were you?
Huh?
Wait, for me?! Thanks a lot!
You're nothing like Chibi-Usa
was...
Chibi-Usa?
Oh uh, don't worry about it.
Don't worry... [giggling]
I wonder where she's getting all
these snacks from...
does it have something to do
with where she's been
disappearing to?
I bet she found a land full of
candy! [giggle]
Huh?! Am I really hearing this
from a high schooler?
[giggling]
How exciting! I can't wait to
see this candy land!
[groan]
C'mon! Let's go.
Sure...
Huh?
But... she was just here...
Hmmm... There's no way she could
have gone very far with those
tiny legs...
She must have teleported!
Wait... or could she be an
esper?!
Gimme a break...
How weird. I'm pretty sure I saw
her go this way...
And so then I was like- Ah!
[screams]
[pained groans]
Usagi! Watch where you're going,
you big dummy!
[pained groan] Have either of
you seen Chibi-Chibi? I lost
sight of her around here.
What's up? Did she get lost?
Ah!
Not quite...
Oh! Hey, isn't that her up
there?
[humming]
That isn't safe!
We've gotta get her down from
there!
Oh no! She slipped!
We're coming!
[sighs of relief]
Let's go!
Chibi-Chibi...
She went through there! I'll go
in after her.
[humming] Hm?
[gasping for air]
[screaming]
Huh?
(ARTEMIS) Jeez! You almost gave
me a heart attack!
[nervous laughing]
Is that...
Usagi?
So... what's going on exactly?
Are you playing hide-and-seek?
I think you're a bit too old for
that game.
[embarrassed groan]
Ah! We've got a problem!
Look out!
[panicked breaths] Ah! Whoah!
[relieved sigh] I dunno how that
frog does it...
Look, over there!
[chuckles]
[nervous groans]
She must have crossed this
street a million times!
It's a miracle she's even still
alive!
Good kids should always use the
crosswalk!
Yeah!
Hm?
[barking and licking]
[giggles]
Doggie!
I'm honestly surprised she's not
afraid of how huge that dog is.
You know, she's sort of like
Usagi in the sense that she
doesn't judge by appearances.
Do you think that confirms
Chibi-Chibi is Usagi and
Mamoru's second child?
[gasp] Don't say things like
that, Ami!
Chibi-Chibi!
[happy whimpers]
We're with her.
[nervous giggles]
[growl]
[screaming]
[barking]
Why the heck's he chasing us?!
I'm sorry! I promise I won't
take Chibi-Chibi's snacks ever
again!
He was so nice to
Chibi-Chibi...
It doesn't really seem like he's
a big fan of us!
Who cares?! Keep running!
[screaming]
[barking]
[yelp]
[whimper]
[sighs of relief]
What are you all doing up there?
Huh? [nervous chuckle]
[chuckles]
Hey there, lil lady!
Hey there!
You have such good manners for a
child your age.
[giggles]
Aw! Is that your little baby
you're holding there? So cute!
Chibi-Chibi-Chibi!
That doll... Could it be...?
Huh?
Nah, no way...
Awe!
Look. She picked up some money.
What's she going to do with it?
[giggles]
Chibi-Chibi-Chibi!
You see that? For being so
young, she's very responsible.
She reminds me a whole lot of
Chibi-Usa.
Does that mean she's Chibi-Usa's
daughter?
Whoa!
What the heck? Didn't you say
she's your kid sister?
Ehhh... [nervous laugh] Yeah,
she is!
Are you not telling us
something?
I-it's just a little inside
joke...
So, uh, why are we following the
little pipsqueak around anyway?
Beats me.
[chuckle]
We're finally at Candyland!
What?
Oh, don't mind me!
Look! She's going inside.
[giggles]
Then, let's follow her!
"Kiriyama"?
Where have I heard of that name?
This place is huge, but we
haven't seen a single person
since we walked in.
Oh, wow! I wonder if this rock
is something valuable.
It's probably a precious metal
or gemstone!
It's not a rock, it's a modern
sculpture.
So, what's it worth then?
About 15 million yen.
[gasp]
Oof!
Ahhh!
[sighs of relief]
Whoa...
(CHIBI-CHIBIi) [laughing]
That's Chibi-Chibi!
(JOTARO) So, what would you like
to do today?
Chibi-Chibi...
Dollies! [giggle]
Someone does live here...
It sounds like she comes by here
pretty often.
Oh, you've decided on the dolls,
then?
Yeah, yeah!
Just as I thought, it really is
a Jumeau!
A 'what' now?
It's an antique doll that's
supposedly worth at least ten
million yen.
T-ten million?!
Chibi-Chibi?
T-that teacup she's holding
wouldn't happen to be something
special too, would it?
Well yes, it's Wedgrod
Jasperware.
Hm?
So then it's expensive?
One tea cup os worth about a
hundred thousand yen.
Ahhh!
Whatever you do, don't break
them, Chibi-Chibi...
Hey, that's...
Seriously?
What? His huge bushy brows?
What's wrong you guys?
That man is the chairman of the
Kiriyama Group...
Huh?! No way! That big-time
business conglomerate?
Yeah. Supposedly, he's the grey
eminence of the Japanese
economy.
It's no wonder this place has
tons of treasures.
And as it turns out, he's also
sponsoring our next concert.
[nervous squeal]
Oh no! Who's gonna pay for that
teacup?!
Who's there?
[nervous laughter]
(JOTARO) Ah, I see... So you're
Chibi-Chibi's older sister?
Uh-yeah...
(JOTARO) And you're all he
sister's friends...
Wait, you boys are...
[chuckle]
Who were you three again?
Uhhhh....
We're the idol group, the Three
Lights. We met you at a party
the other day.
[chuckle] Chibi-Chibi!
It's quite tasty, isn't it?
Excuse me... but do you really
have no idea who we are?
No, sorry. I haven't the
slightest.
Well, we're actually pretty
famous in the music world,
y'know.
[spitting]
Ahhh! That's another
hundred thousand...
Chibi-Chibi?
Don't worry, it's not a problem.
[uncomfortable sighs and groans]
[giggle]
[nervous groan]
Talking to youths your age is
more than enough payment.
Admittedly...
it makes me feel young again.
Well, in that case, we'd be
happy to come over and talk
any time. [chuckle]
Could you be any more shameless?
You and Chibi-Chibi are very
similar. I knew instantly.
Huh?
You both seem to give off the
same warm, gentle presence. It's
rather uncanny.
Well, yeah, they are sisters.
So, of course they're similar.
(JOTARO) No... This goes beyond
surface value.
Wait... What do you mean?
Both your auras are exactly the
same. Fascinating... but...
enough about that...
There are two women here to see
you, sir.
Oh? I was sure I didn't have any
appointments....
Oh! Well, we should probably
start heading out now!
Apologies... but you're welcome
to come again. Oh! Before I
forget...
Please, take one.
So this is where you get the
candy from...
Candy!
Man, what a strange day...
Mmm!
[giggles]
[gasp] Chibi...?
Why in the world did we end up
coming here, anyway?
Well, Usagi's the one who
brought us here.
Oh, uh...
Chibi-Chibi disappears from time
to time.
Right. Go on.
And when she finally comes
home, she always has a bunch of
snacks with her.
[chuckles]
So what?
So! I thought there might be a
candy land.
Huh?!
And I figured if I followed her,
I'd be able to find out where it
is!
Usagi... you do know none of
that's scientifically sound,
right?
Frankly, that's the stupidest
thing I've ever heard.
Oh well, at least it was fun, I
guess.
It was worth it for the antique
art.
[embarrassed chuckle] My mom's
probably worried, so I'm gonna
head home now. Chibi-Chibi...
Hey, where'd she go?
Did we leave her behind?
I'll go see if I can find her.
See ya later!
Hmmm... Chibi-Chibi!
Are you here? Jeez, where could
she have run off to?
(BUTLER) [screaming]
Huh?!
Who are you two?
You may be the top name in the
world of Japanese economy,
Jotaro Kiriyama.
But we wanna find out who you
really are.
But don't you think we should
introduce ourselves before we
begin...
We don't have time for that you
idiot!
(JOTARO) [screaming]
[gasp]
[screaming]
[grunt]
Looking good.
What?
Aw... Guess we were wrong again.
Fantastic...
(USAGI) Hold it right there!
How dare you do something as
evil as trample over the heart
of a kind, old gentleman!
I won't forgive you!
I am the Pretty Guardian who
fights for love and for justice!
I am Sailor Moon!
And in the name of the Moon,
I'll punish you!
(AKANE) Get rid of her, Sailor
Antique!
I do hope you have a nice day.
I am Sailor Antique!
Haaah!
[heavy breathing]
Chibi-Chibi!
Wait you seriously went back for
that doll?!
Chibi! [gasp]
Oh! Whoahhh!
It's dangerous here! Find some
place to hide!
[grunt] How utterly pathetic of
me to be thwarted by marbles.
Now taste the edge of my blade!
Ahhh!
[struggling]
[struggling] How impudent...
[holding in laughter]
Tickle, tickle, tickle...
[laughing]
Cut that out, you brat?!
Ahhh!
[gasps and crying]
[grunts]
I can't believe you let it
fall... Now it's in a million
pieces! [sobbing]
I'm so sorry! W-what's it worth?
Do you have a payment plan?
Five million!
F-five million?!
This Venetian glass is pretty
pricy too...
Ahhh!
[panicking] Stop trying to break
things!
This is a Deissen coffee set
that costs several hundred
thousand yen! Here!
Ah! [panicking groans]
This is... Huh?
[excited panting] Chibi-Chibi?!
This Omari vase is worth several
million! Catch!
Ahhh!
Yahhh!
[gasp] What the- Don't copy him!
No, wait!
[grunt] Ah!
[gasp]
Chibi-Chibi!
H-How could you let this
happen?! You'll pay for this,
Sailor Moon!
Now, wait just a minute! You're
the one who started all this!
Oh, and another thing! The only
important value of something is
sentimental value! You big jerk!
[growl] Don't talk like you
know!
Let's end this! Sailor
Antique... Power Up... Version!
Chibi-Chibi! [giggle]
Star... Sensitive... Inferno!
[pained grunt and groan and
screaming]
Agh! The Paccarat chandelier!
This is nothing! You shall never
defeat me!
[pained groan]
Sailor Moon!
Do it!
Right!
Starlight Honeymoon Therapy
Kiss!
[struggling] Beautiful!
Mr. Kiriyama!
[sigh] The Paccarat
chandelier...
Let it go... everything breaks
at some point, Healer.
[sigh of relief]
Well, at least your doll's still
in one piece, right,
Chibi-Chibi?
Still in one piece!
[gasps]
Ahhh!
[sigh] You're such a handful,
you know that?
(CHIBI-CHIBI) [giggling]
Hmmm. He said we're similar, but
I dunno. Your thoughts?
Hm?
I'm beginning to feel like we're
actually related after all. Hey,
why don't we head on home now?
Okay!
(YATEN) You wanna keep this
thing we've got going, right,
Bun-head?
(USAGI) W-Wait a second... you
do know we're not dating-
(YATEN) Great to hear! In that
case, how about we train for the
sports meet?
(USAGI) Are you even listening?
(YATEN) This match'll decide our
future. The power of our love
will guide us!
(USAGI) Are you for real...?
(YATEN) You and me! Let's run
towards the setting sun!
(USAGI) Next time on Sailor
Stars: "The Shining Power of a
Star:
Chibi-Chibi's Transformation."
The moonlight is a messenger of
love.